552 murno, arsnoa. Gerr. X.

And iu the district of Guhir,¹ and Οοιςοοίἱ,1 and Can-
trei Bichan,¹ King Cadwgan reigned many years, until his
death. Wherefore he received hostages of Cadifor Tor-
τινος, Asser son of Rhyddereh, Garwy, Selyi son of Hywel,
Collwyn son of Llywaroh the son of Athrem, Hywel son oi
Trystan, Gulbrit son of Marchan, Mor son of Ceredig.

In Ystmdyw? Herwald consecrated the ohuroh of St.
ΜὶοοοοΙ,8 and the churoh of Lann Cetgninn, and Lann
Petyr‚⁴ and Merthyr Ιοεοί,5 and committed the careas
those churches ιο Madweith, and to Isaac aiter him, and
ιο Beatus the priest, whom he, the Bishop, had ordained
priests3 and which he held in all episcopal subjection
in the time oi King William, and Earl William, and
Walter de Lacy.

tia-OF THE Dnarfl OF BISHOP HERWALD, AND THE CON-
SECRA'I'ION 01⁴* URBAN, HIS SUCCESSOR.

Herwald Bishop of Llandaff, in the year of our Lord‘s
incarnation, one thousand one hundred and four, and in
the forty eighth year of his consecration, under King
Henry‚⁶ and Anselm,⁷ Archbishop of Centerbury‚ and οο

the sixth day of March, migrated to the Lord. And the
Bishoprick was vacant four years, five months, and seren
days. And in the year of the incarnationof our Lord one
thousand one hundred and seren, on the llth day oi

¹ The districts oi Gener, Kidwelly, and Cantref Bychan.

² Ystradyw,-en ancient district in Breconshire, see page 512.

⁸ ldanfihangel Crrmdu Breconshire, sae page 413.

*Itanbedr Ystradyw‚ a churoh 2 miles N. hy E. from Crickhowel.

⁸Merthyr Issui, οι· Patricia-rr chapel tc Llanhedr Ystradyrs, situate
about 5 miles N. E. from Crickhowel.

⁶ Henry Ι. became Κίος of England in the year 1100, and died 1135.

⁷Ansclm became Archbishcp oi Canterhury in 1093, and died 1109.

 

