564 00000, 010001. Geso. XI.

clared accursed by the churoh of Gor, which he had
injured, he will in every respect be eut off from it

ΙΙ. We altogether prohibit investitures of bishoprios
00ᾶο1100100, to be performed by laioal hands. Whoever
therefore of the laity shall hereafter presumo 10 invest,
may he 10 subject to the punishment of being oursed.
Likewise‚ he who shall have 1000 10100101, 1001 10 10 de-
prived 10 every respect of the honour wherewith he was
invented, without any hope of recovery.

ΙΙΙ. We deoree that ell possessione of ohurches, which
through the liberulity 01 Kings‚ the hounty of Prinoes, or
the oblation of the faithful whatsoever‚ are granted 10
11010, 01011 remain sacrifioed and undisturbed for ever.
But 11 any person shall take away, invade, or hy means of
tyrannical power detain them, may he be exeommunioated
according 10 110 sentence of St. Simaohus.

IV. No bishop, 00 priest, no olergyman whatever shall
leave ecclesiastioal dignities or benefioes to any one, as
ifby hereditnry right3 and we also command that for
the receiving 01 baptism ohrism, holy oil, and holy sepul-
ture, and the visitation 01 11001011, no sum at all shall be
required

V. We altogether forbid the having 01 wives and con-
0011000 11 priests, deacons, and subdeecons. Should any
of this kind be found, let their offioes and benefices bo
taken away from them, and indeed if they will not then
correct their unoleanness, let them be deprived of Christ·
ian communion.

 

 

